Epic:
  Provide challenge to whom is interested in strategy games

stories & criteria:
  1. As a new player, I want to change difficulty of the game so that I can understand the game quickly.
     Given I have no previous strategy game experience, when I play the starting several stages, then I can get use to the gameplay.
  2. As a hard-core player, I want the game to be joyful and challengable so that I can enjoy the game.
     Given I have cleared the story mode of the game and fully enjoyed, when I want some extra challenge, then the game provides an infinite mode and other game modes.
  3. As a freshman in an art-related major, I want to understand how artistic concepts are projected into games so that I can expand the possibilities and scope of my artistic applications.
  4. As an aesthetically conscious individual without an art background, I want to gain insights into specific art-related knowledge through gameplay experiences so that I can construct my own perspective on artistic systems.
  5. As an art educator (advocate), I want to introduce the composition of various artistic style elements through multiple platforms so that my audience can concretely understand the practical applications of art.

  6. As a natural plant lover, and I want to have a plant-centered game that provides in-depth and rich plant knowledge, as well as some of the actual plant functions. So I hope the game has a complete and detailed illustration function.
     Given a extra plant illustrations, when players click each picture, 
     then it will shows the plant prototype, family, genus, species, suitable planting environment, growth cycle, medicinal value, economic value.
  7. As an environmental enthusiast, I want the game to simulate real-life planting experiences with diverse environments and climate systems, so that I can experience the challenges and excitement of randomness in plant cultivation.
     Given a randomized weather system integrated into the game, when a tactical board game starts and a weather condition is randomly selected (e.g., sunny, rainy, windy, drought, frost), 
     then the selected weather should provide corresponding buffs or debuffs that directly affect the growth attributes of plants in the current game session (e.g., growth speed, health, resilience, or yield).  